README.md, before:

# QuickBooks

```bash
composer require socialiteproviders/quickbooks
```

## Installation & Basic Usage

Please see the [Base Installation Guide](https://socialiteproviders.com/usage/), then follow the provider specific instructions below.

### Add configuration to `config/services.php`

```php
'quickbooks' => [    
  'client_id' => env('QUICKBOOKS_CLIENT_ID'),  
  'client_secret' => env('QUICKBOOKS_CLIENT_SECRET'),  
  'redirect' => env('QUICKBOOKS_REDIRECT_URI') 
],
```

### Add provider event listener

Configure the package's listener to listen for `SocialiteWasCalled` events.

Add the event to your `listen[]` array in `app/Providers/EventServiceProvider`. See the [Base Installation Guide](https://socialiteproviders.com/usage/) for detailed instructions.

```php
protected $listen = [
    \SocialiteProviders\Manager\SocialiteWasCalled::class => [
        // ... other providers
        'SocialiteProviders\\QuickBooks\\QuickBooksExtendSocialite@handle',
    ],
];
```

### Usage

You should now be able to use the provider like you would regularly use Socialite (assuming you have the facade installed):

```php
return Socialite::driver('quickbooks')->redirect();
```

### Returned User fields

- ``id``
- ``name``
- ``email``

Commit message:

Adding missing configuration value to Quickbooks readme (#669)

README.md, after:

# QuickBooks

```bash
composer require socialiteproviders/quickbooks
```

## Installation & Basic Usage

Please see the [Base Installation Guide](https://socialiteproviders.com/usage/), then follow the provider specific instructions below.

### Add configuration to `config/services.php`

```php
'quickbooks' => [
  'client_id' => env('QUICKBOOKS_CLIENT_ID'),
  'client_secret' => env('QUICKBOOKS_CLIENT_SECRET'),
  'redirect' => env('QUICKBOOKS_REDIRECT_URI'),
  'env' => env('QUICKBOOKS_ENV'),
],
```

The `env`-value should be `development` for the sandbox environment and `production` for production environment.

### Add provider event listener

Configure the package's listener to listen for `SocialiteWasCalled` events.

Add the event to your `listen[]` array in `app/Providers/EventServiceProvider`. See the [Base Installation Guide](https://socialiteproviders.com/usage/) for detailed instructions.

```php
protected $listen = [
    \SocialiteProviders\Manager\SocialiteWasCalled::class => [
        // ... other providers
        'SocialiteProviders\\QuickBooks\\QuickBooksExtendSocialite@handle',
    ],
];
```

### Usage

You should now be able to use the provider like you would regularly use Socialite (assuming you have the facade installed):

```php
return Socialite::driver('quickbooks')->redirect();
```

### Returned User fields

- ``id``
- ``name``
- ``email``
